# Petrocoder_challenge
- Well Identifier: - ID for identifying a particular Well - Measured Depth, m: - The length of the wellbore, as if determined by a measuring stick. - Weight on Bit, kkgf: - Weight on the Bit, or WOB, is the amount of downward force exerted on the drill bit provided by thick-walled tubular pieces in the drilling assembly that are known as drill collars. The downward force of gravity on these steel tubes provide force for the drill bit in order to effectively break the rock. - Average Standpipe Pressure, kPa: - Standpipe pressure (SPP) is the total pressure loss in a system that occurs due to fluid friction. - Average Surface Torque, kNm: - Torque, is the rotational force between the drill string and the formation. - Rate of Penetration, m/h: - In the drilling industry, the rate of penetration (ROP), also known as penetration rate or drill rate, is the speed at which a drill bit breaks the rock under it to deepen the borehole. It is normally measured in feet per minute or meters per hour, but sometimes it is expressed in minutes per foot. - Average Rotary Speed, rpm: - Rotational speed of drill bit - Mud Flow, L/min: - The rate of mud flowing into the well during drilling. - Mud Density, g/cm3: - The mass per unit volume of a drilling fluid, synonymous with mud weight. Mud weight controls hydrostatic pressure in a wellbore and prevents unwanted flow into the well. - Diameter, mm: - Diameter refers to the nominal wellbore diameter. - Average Hookload, kkgf: - The total force pulling down on the hook. This total force includes the weight of the drillstring in air, the drill collars and any ancillary equipment, reduced by any force that tends to reduce that weight. - Hole Depth (TVD), m: - The vertical distance from a point in the well (usually the current or final depth) to a point at the surface. - USROP Gamma, gAPI.There was no unified gamma reading between all the wells, hence a new attribute, USROP Gamma, was introduced. It contains data logged under different names and different equipment, sometimes even within the same well.
